Welcome to this introductory
course on Amazon Translate.
I'm Tom Kelly, and I'm excited to walk you
through this overview of Amazon Translate.
Over the next few minutes, I'll highlight
the services features and benefits,
talk about how it works and
how you can get started using it, and
walk through some of
the popular use cases.
I've also included some demos
throughout the course, so
you can get a concrete look at how to
connect to the Amazon Translate API and
see some examples of applications
built around the service.
Amazon Translate is a neural machine
translation service powered by deep
learning models that allow for fast and
accurate translation
supporting multiple languages.
It's a continually train solution that
allows you to perform batch translations
when you have large volumes of
pre-existing text as well as real-time and
on-demand translations when you want
to deliver content as a feature of your
application.
Amazon Translate offers secure
communication between the service and
your applications through SSL encryption.
Any content processed by
Amazon Translate is encrypted and
stored at rest in the AWS region
where you're using the services.
Additionally, you can ensure that
information is kept secure and
confidential by controlling access to
Amazon Translate through AWS identity and
access management policies.
As an AWS service, Amazon Translate
integrates nicely with several other AWS
services such as Amazon Polly for
translated speech-enabled products,
Amazon Comprehend for analysis of
translated text, and Amazon Transcribe for
localized captioning of
your media products.
And with Amazon Translate,
you only pay for what you use.
You are charged based on the total
number of characters sent to the API for
translation.
Now let's talk about some of
the benefits of Amazon Translate.
As a developer, you no longer need to
manually extend your applications with new
languages that meet your customer base.
Instead, Amazon Translate allows you to
create applications that can be used in
any language.
And you can do this with
only a few lines of code.
In just a minute,
I'll walk you through calling the API
from both the AWS CLI and AWS SDKs.
If you're already an AWS customer and
you're looking for a translation solution,
it's convenient to stay within the AWS
ecosystem for easier integration with
other applications and for
more efficient security of your data.
But it's not just about ease and
efficiency.
Amazon Translate, powered by a neural
machine translation engine, offers
increased accuracy of translation when
compared to traditional statistical and
rule-based translation models.
Here's an example of a customer
review of a pocket knife in German,
translated to English using a non-neural
machine translation engine.
As you can see, you get the gist of the
review but lots of areas need improvement.
Here's that same review, but this time,
we've run it through Amazon Translate.
As you can see, there are a couple
minor areas to clean up.
But overall,
it's a much more accurate translation.
Amazon Translate is based on neural
networks that have been trained on various
language pairs enabling the engine to
translate between two different languages.
The model is made up of two components,
the encoder and the decoder.
The encoder reads the source
sentence one word at a time and
constructs a semantic representation that
captures the meaning of the source text.
Amazon Translate uses attention
mechanisms to understand context and
decide which of those words in
the source are most relevant for
generating the next target word.
One of the main advantages of
the attention mechanism is to enable
the decoder to shift focus on certain
parts of the source sentence to make sure
that ambiguous words or
phrases are translated correctly.
The decoder uses the semantic
representation and the attention mechanism
to generate a translation one word
at a time in the target language.
It may sound complex, but
it's all happening under the hood.
Amazon Translate takes care
of the details for you.
Getting started with the service
just takes a few steps.
You should first make sure that you have
an AWS account and that you've created and
assigned an IAM role with full access
to all Amazon Translate API calls.
Then you have three ways to
connect to Amazon Translate,
the Management Console,
the AWS CLI, and the AWS SDKs.
Let's first look at connecting to the
service from the AWS Management Console.
Once you've logged into the console,
find your way to Amazon Translate
under the list of AWS services.
From within the service console, you
can immediately start translating text,
just choose the source and
target language and
then enter the text you want translated
in the source language text box.
The translated text appears immediately in
the target language text box on the right.
Below, you can see
the corresponding JSON input and
output to the translate text operation.
If you're going to use the command
line to connect to the service, first,
make sure you've set up the AWS CLI.
Once that's done,
you can use the CLI in two ways to
translate text with Amazon Translate.
For short text, you can provide the text
that you want to translate as a parameter
of the translate text command.
For longer text, you can provide
the source language, target language, and
text in a JSON file.
You can also use
Amazon Translate via AWS SDKs.
Here's an example in Python where we
call the translate text operation and
pass the source text along with
the source language and target language.
In general, Amazon Translate is
the right solution when you need
to translate high volume of content and
you need to do it quickly.
Most use cases fall under one of two main
categories, translating web-authored
content for localization purposes,
either on-demand or in real time, and
batch translating pre-existing content for
analysis and insights,.
Let's look at a few specific examples.
Here, we have a mock vintage car website
where users can post reviews of cars
they've purchased.
As you can see, reviews on this particular
car have been submitted in Spanish.
If I want to read a review in English,
I can just choose Translate, and
then the English version
of that review displays.
Let's look at the architecture behind
this application to better see what's
happening here.
This website is a single-page
JavaScript application hosted in
a public S3 bucket and
delivered through Amazon CloudFront.
The web page makes rest API
calls using Amazon API Gateway,
which invokes various lambda functions.
These functions trigger Amazon Translate
to execute translations.
Amazon Comprehend analyzes
the sentiment of the review,
Amazon Aurora as the main
database of the application.
So while there's a lot going on here
in terms of translation, all of that
was taken care of with just one line
of Python code in a lambda function.
Here's another example of
Amazon Translate, this time for
chatbot translation.
Here's the application.
You can start by announcing the source and
target language at the bottom.
Once that's all set,
you can type words in English and
see the corresponding French on the left.
Let's see what's happening here
from an architectural perspective.
The app is hosted in Amazon S3 and
delivered through Amazon CloudFront.
Amazon Lex interacts with the user
requests for translations.
And AWS Lambda retrieves past
translations from DynamoDB and
requests new translations,
which are provided by Amazon Translate.
The last example I want to show you uses
Amazon Translate for batch translations.
This batch of documents
is hosted in S3 bucket.
To translate, simply indicate the source
bucket as well as a target S3 bucket.
Working within a limit of 1,000 bytes
of UTF-8 characters per request,
this application performs
two main functions.
First, there's a function that breaks the
source string into individual sentences.
And then there's the main function
which calls the translate operation for
each sentence in the source string.
This function also handles
authentication with Amazon Translate.
Before I wrap up,
I want to summarize some of the salient
points from this service introduction.
Amazon Translate represents the next
generation of translation solutions.
It's built on a neural network that
leverages deep learning techniques.
Unlike conventional phrase-based
machine translation,
Amazon Translate takes into account the
entire context of the source sentence as
well as the translation it
has previously generated.
This results in more accurate and
fluid translation.
Amazon Translate is ideal for real-time
and on-demand translation of web and
app content that helps you
reach a global audience.
It also allows you to perform batch
translations of pre-existing text.
Amazon Translate integrates
with a wide variety
of other AWS services allowing you to
extend the reach of your applications.
The service is easy to get started
with and you can access it through
the AWS Management Console,
AWS CLI, and through AWS SDKs.
I hope you enjoyed this introduction to
Amazon Translate and that you found it
helpful in finding the right translation
solution for your development needs.
Thanks so much for watching.